"You fight like a dairy farmer!" "How appropriate, you fight like a cow!" "I will milk every drop of blood from your body!"
"This is the END for you, you gutter crawling cur!" "And I've got a little TIP for you, get the POINT?" "I've got a long, sharp lesson for you to learn today."
"I've spoken with apes more polite than you!" "I'm glad to hear you attended your family reunion!" "Now I know what filth and stupidity really are."
"Soon you'll be wearing my sword like a shish kebab!" "First you'd better stop waving it like a feather duster." "My tongue is sharper than any sword."
"People fall at my feet when they see me coming!" "Even BEFORE they smell your breath?" "I usually see people like you passed-out on tavern floors."
"I'm not going to take your insolence sitting down!" "Your hemorrhoids are flaring up again eh?" "You are a pain in the backside, sir!"
"I once owned a dog that was smarter than you." "He must have taught you everything you know." "Only once have I met such a coward!"
"Nobody's ever drawn blood from me and nobody ever will." "You run THAT fast?" "No one will ever catch ME fighting as badly as you do."
"Have you stopped wearing diapers yet?" "Why? Did you want to borrow one?" "I hope you have a boat ready for a quick escape."
"There are no words for how disgusting you are." "Yes, there are. You just never learned them." "There are no clever moves that can help you now."
"You make me want to puke." "You make me think somebody already did." "If your brother's like you, better to marry a pig."
"My handkerchief will wipe up your blood!" "So you got that job as janitor, after all." "My name is feared in every dirty corner of Dawnsbury!"
"I got this scar on my face during a mighty struggle!" "I hope now you've learned to stop picking your nose." "My last fight ended with my hands covered with blood."
"I've heard you are a contemptible sneak." "Too bad no one's ever heard of YOU at all." "My sword is famous all over Dawnsbury!"
"You're no match for my brains, you poor fool." "I'd be in real trouble if you ever used them." "I've got the courage and skill of a master adventurer."
"You have the manners of a beggar." "I wanted to make sure you'd feel comfortable with me." "Every word you say to me is stupid."